Provide a bit more clarity on tutorial for multi-language set up (#2224)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Multilanguage-Setup/index.md

product: "CMS"
---

# Language Variants

> In Umbraco 8 you can use **language variants** to setup a multilanguage site. You can read about how to set up and work with language variants [here](../../Getting-Started/Backoffice/Variants).

Reviewer: I prefer to avoid link texts that are very generic like `here`, so I tried to some up with a rewrite .. What do you think? 🤔 

```suggestion
In Umbraco 8 you can use **language variants** to setup a multilanguage site. You can read about how to set it up and work with a multilingual site in the [language variants article](../../Getting-Started/Backoffice/Variants).
```
